Background
I have recently accepted a scholarship from the university of New York. I have never been outside my country and I am terrified to go to a new strange place. What I have heard about New York is that it is the capital city in the United States of America. I hear New York is really big with a lot of lights. I will be like a small drop in the ocean and that is scary. I hear it is a global hub of commerce. It is multicultural. I will be relocating my 5 year old and as a mom that even scares me more. I will need to find a suitable location to stay. The place will need to be close to the university. There should be a good school in the area for my daughter. I will need to know the restaurants, schools, police and all other emergency evacuation services in my area. I will need to find a house that is resoanable priced. The house must meet the below requirement:

      1. It must be must be a be a 2 bedroomed house.
      2. The area must have a low crime rate.
      3. It must be close to grade school. 
      4. Desired location must be near University of New York
      5. The rentals must not not exceed $5,000 per month


Data Sources
Description of the Data:¶
To address the challenge I am faced with the following :

1. List of neighbourhoods in Manhattan and their latitutes and longitudes
2. List of 2 bedroom apartments for rent in Manhattan area with their addresses and price
3. Schools close to the available apartments for rent.

Use of the Data:

The data will be used as follows:

1. Foursquare and geopy data will be used to map top 10 venues in the Manhattan neighbourhood and clustered in groups.
2. Using Foursquare and geopy data I will map location of  university seperately and on top of the above clustered map in order to identify the schools, clinics, resturants close to it.
3. Creation of a map that will depict  the average rental price per square ft, around a radious of 1.0 mile (1.6 km) around each university - or a similar metrics. I will be able to quickly point to the popups to know the relative price per university area.
4. The addresses from the rental locations to be converted to Geodata using Geopy-distance and Nominatim.
5. I will search for data in available data sources.
6. Addresses from rental locations will be converted to geodata( lat, long) using Geopy-distance and Nominatim.


The procesing of these DATA will allow to answer the key questions to make a decision:

1. what is the cost of rent (per square ft) around a mile radius from each subway metro station?
2. what is the area of Manhattan with best rental pricing that meets criteria established?
3. What is the distance from New York University and the tentative future home?
4. What are the venues of the two best places to live? How the prices compare?
5. How venues distribute among Manhattan neighborhoods and around New York Universoty?
6. Are there tradeoffs between size and price and location?
7. Any other interesting statistical data findings of the real estate and overall data.

# Shenton Way, District 01, Singapore
address = 'Mccallum Street, Singapore'

geolocator = Nominatim()
location = geolocator.geocode(address)
latitude = location.latitude
longitude = location.longitude
print('The geograpical coordinate of Singapore home are {}, {}.'.format(latitude, longitude))
